Lilliana Robinson: There we go!
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay. Can you hear me?
Lilliana Robinson: Yes, that sounds so much better.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, it's the podcast. Yeah. So my Monica, Roy, seascape, clinical founder and CEO and the objective of my pitch is to attract investor attention.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I'm not trying to target customers or anything like that.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): So do I just launch in.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): it takes 10 years and 1 billion dollars to get a new drug approved by the FDA. However, once a drug is approved, it starts creating revenue for small pre-revenue pharma companies. The 1st drug approval is existential
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): for large pharma companies. One drug approval can lead to the addition of 250 billion dollars of market cap. As happened with Eli Lilly, recently
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): the longest and most expensive component of drug approval is a multi-stage clinical trial process.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): As we increasingly test drugs in complex rare diseases and specific patient populations. The clinical trials themselves are only getting longer and pricier.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I'm Monica Roy, founder of seascape clinical. I worked in Pharma for 20 years. So know the space. Well.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): My company's Sas platform automates the entire clinical trial
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): from workflows to reporting. To compliance. This leads to faster trials and yes, faster drug Approvals global trial spend was 80 billion last year. If you'd like to make the spend more impactful, we invite you to invest in us.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, that was 1 min flat.
Lilliana Robinson: Feel free to just jump in. Our mentors.
Thomas Cirone: I'll go ahead. Hey? I like that, Monica. I won't change a thing. There you go! I'm done.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay. Thanks.
Thomas Cirone: I mean. So you said you were gonna track it as you. I'm sorry. Did you say you wanted to attract attention? That was your objective.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): From investors.
Thomas Cirone: Investors. Okay, I just wanna make sure. And I think you did that right. So I like you start out with the money started with the you know what I mean like so, and I like the way you kind of walked it through. And if I'm in the healthcare space of the current trial space. I'm gonna come talk to you. In my opinion.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay. Thanks.
Andrea Perdomo: Monica, I just had one quick question. Is there
Andrea Perdomo: anything you're planning on talking about? Like what?
Andrea Perdomo: Why, you're starting this company.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I actually don't have I don't plan to touch on that in any of the segments. But the answer is because I worked in Pharma for 20 years. And so I was. I am. I am the potential end user of the product.
Andrea Perdomo: I
Andrea Perdomo: I mean, I think that that is something. If you can weave in somehow. I don't know, Tom. If you agree like you definitely captured my intention. But knowing that you've been in the space, and that you're in fact, your target customer
Andrea Perdomo: is actually something that would draw me as an investor even closer to being like, I want to figure out. I want to talk to them.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, I can add it to the Q. And A. I still have a lot of room there.
Andrea Perdomo: Okay, yeah, I think that could be interesting.
Lilliana Robinson: Can you say where you introduce yourself again? Can you just read back that sentence.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, it's vague, because, I don't have enough time to elaborate. But basically it's I'm Monica Roy, founder of seascape clinical. I worked in Pharma for 20 years, so know the space well.
Lilliana Robinson: So I agree with Annie. Just put in the chat. You shouldn't undersell yourself by saying so. I know the space well. So she suggests saying, I'm deeply familiar with these customers struggles, or I'm an expert in the space. Something I just worked with
Lilliana Robinson: Annie and Morgan on like is saying who you are so like. Annie says, like I'm a an AI researcher, and Morgan says I'm a i have a Phd. In chemistry. I'm a scientist, and so I have a background here so like you were at a minute flat, adding a few more words to boost your
Lilliana Robinson: your intro there, I think, is really valid.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, I like Annie's suggestion of swapping in the word expert cause.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, but you're not saying why, like you just said, you have years in the space like.
Lilliana Robinson: what is it? Who are you? What are the
Lilliana Robinson: what are the words you could say like, or do you want to call yourself a researcher? What do you want to say.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Yeah, yeah, I can add a few words. There.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, just like a very small like, basically, what would be like your Linkedin headline if someone just like looked you up.
Lilliana Robinson: That's what you should say.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): Okay, sounds good.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): I'll change that.
Lilliana Robinson: Really good. Don't undersell yourself like that. That's a huge part of your unfair advantage.
Lilliana Robinson: Is the founder fit here?
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: so it sounds like everyone is pretty happy with that pitch, Monica, do you have any other questions? I think we're gonna move on.
Monica Roy (Seascape Clinical): No thanks.
Lilliana Robinson: Good job.
Lilliana Robinson: Thanks for going first, st Talitha, start with your objective objective.
Talitha: Yes, Hi, guys. So the objective is, since we're not fundraising, just having, like early conversations with anybody in the audience who might be interested in our space just to start up conversations with them as investors, and also the second one is, if they have any connections to property management companies, large ones as potential clients.
Talitha: Alright.
Talitha: Last year I was super excited for my vacation to Mexico, and to finally eat the Tacos I'd been dreaming of. But when I arrived at my Airbnb I struggled to enter. The host didn't respond, leaving me stranded on the street alone at night with my bags. It's not just my story. 700 million travelers face similar challenges every year.
Talitha: delayed responses and lack of support when navigating unfamiliar places can turn a joyful getaway into a stressful ordeal.
Talitha: On the other hand, millions of short-term rental hosts are under constant pressure to be available. 24, 7 manually answer repetitive questions and struggle to balance operations with growing and improving their business.
Talitha: I'm Talitha, CEO of Collab, and our mission is to redefine the future of hospitality.
Talitha: For all of us travel is a chance to unwind, recharge and create beautiful memories. So imagine a world where every guest has a 5 star concierge at their fingertips, anticipating needs, providing inspiration and making every stay flawless. So let's take a glimpse.
Lilliana Robinson: That was 58 seconds. I think you can slow down a little bit. You kind of still do that.
Talitha: Yeah.
Thomas Cirone: I'll let Andrea go 1st this time.
Andrea Perdomo: I think it was good. I'm I'm
Andrea Perdomo: I was trying to like. Listen, and maybe it's because you and I have had conversations in the past, where, like, I know a little bit more about the the product itself.
Andrea Perdomo: But to me like, if you're trying to get in front of like the property like, you know. If if your end goal is kind of to get some of those introductions.
Andrea Perdomo: Do you talk about your business model at any moment?
Talitha: Yeah, so we speak about the business model in our QA. And then video is supposed to really illustrate the problem from the host side as well as the benefits of our solution for them. So we try to focus a lot on the host in the video.
Andrea Perdomo: Yeah, okay.
Andrea Perdomo: I think that'll I think that will help. But that's that's just a little bit of where it left me, which is, I mean, you and I have talked about this like comparing to like other things that are out there. So I'm wondering if there's an opportunity right off the bat to kind of distinguish what makes you all different.
Andrea Perdomo: So that my my head doesn't go to questions and doubts, but rather towards like opportunities.
Andrea Perdomo: and how you all are going to actually stand out in the market.
Lilliana Robinson: I completely agree with that. I actually just told Talitha about an hour ago. That needs to be her 1st question in the Q. And a
Lilliana Robinson: cause I don't. I don't think there's space to like. She does want to show the product in the demo video. So there's not really space there. But as soon as she sits down with the eir, that's the 1st thing I want him to ask her.
Andrea Perdomo: Yeah, yeah, I think that'll I think that will help.
Lilliana Robinson: Because everyone's going to be wondering it, like the defensibility piece.
Talitha: Exactly. We'll be speaking about Airbnb Vrbo, but also, for example, differences to Alexa for hospitality, and that kind of thing.
Andrea Perdomo: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Perfect, to Tom.
Thomas Cirone: I had them. I don't. You know. I struggle on this, so I have to change my brain because I was going through pitch decks yesterday with someone from the last cohort. Right? And this is a 1 min. This is not a pitch deck, right? So I get. So I totally get that. So I'm I don't know how I feel about this other than you probably mentioned this in the Q&A or the video. So you grab. So if you're trying to get people interested, I like, whenever you say 700 700 million travelers or millions of short term. So that gets my attention.
Thomas Cirone: I say, I think large market there. I'm curious in the Q. And a. Or
Thomas Cirone: anywhere. Have you ever kind of quantified it like? So if I'm a short term owner of a rental property, and I have 5 or 6 of them. Maybe I don't know how much money am I losing because of this.
Thomas Cirone: and you probably know that, and that's cool, and I don't. I just want to see, and I don't know if it fits into the pitch. But I'm just curious.
Talitha: Yeah. So we bring it into the Q. And A, we talk about how an average portfolio they're losing like $40,000 a year and a thousand 800 working hours. So we've talked that.
Thomas Cirone: Okay. And so so my thought so. And, Lillian, you know this like sometimes. At demo night
Thomas Cirone: I tune the Q&A out sometimes because it's like like the 1 min pitch in the video mean a lot.
Thomas Cirone: Talfa, right? So
Thomas Cirone: just as a as a thought challenge, I don't know if you want to work that in or work it into the video. Somehow, I don't know that. And I'll defer to you guys because you're on the front lines a bit more, but I I unfortunately have a bad habit of zoning out in the Q. And a.
Talitha: Yeah.
Thomas Cirone: Even if I'm interested in you, I've already made a decision. If I want to talk to you sometimes the Q. And a.
Lilliana Robinson: So what would you suggest like? Is there something small that could be added in the pitch.
Thomas Cirone: I adding that money piece. Maybe, like, you know, 1 million people. And they're potentially losing an average of this
Thomas Cirone: on rentals or this on time, or this is happening.
Andrea Perdomo: Yeah, totally. I'm wondering. Is there a way to maybe shorten the story, part upfront a little bit, to feel a little less
Andrea Perdomo: whimsical?
Andrea Perdomo: So you can buy back like a few seconds to actually talk about for property like you, said Tom. Like for property manners, we would be saving Xyz thing.
Andrea Perdomo: I don't know something along along those lines. I know you've been working right.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Thomas Cirone: It is a good stuff.
Lilliana Robinson: What'd you say to them.
Thomas Cirone: It is a good pitch, though it's a decent pitch.
Talitha: So we should be adding, in the quantifying the problem from the host side into the pitch. Is that right?
Lilliana Robinson: In a very brief way, like you save them X percent.
Talitha: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: And you can even throw in the lines that your solution is proprietary. That
Lilliana Robinson: basically, you have this very unique
Lilliana Robinson: development you've made, and that kind of hints at what you're going to get into in the Q. And a. About how Airbnb can't take it.
Lilliana Robinson: Neil told Talitha about an hour ago that the whole example needs to become a little bit more
Lilliana Robinson: realistic and less like fear mongering like she's not actually helping people not get stranded on the street. It's a lot more about like you come in and like you don't know how to access the Wi-fi or the shower is not having hot water. So like, I think Talitha and Flo are gonna workshop that a little bit. So what I'm hearing from Andrea and Tom is that you need to also shorten the example. At the beginning.
Talitha: I think.
Lilliana Robinson: That you buy yourself.
Talitha: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: And Annie had a point for you
Lilliana Robinson: instead of let's take a glimpse, maybe something that into the video more smoothly.
Talitha: Okay.
Talitha: Yes.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Talitha: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Karim, are you okay? If Annie cuts in line because she needs to drop before noon. Okay, Annie, go ahead.
Annie Brown: Yay, thank you. Karim. Okay, so my objective, we have currently we have a lead for a pre seed round. But we want to bring in a technical investor to close the round because they are a social impact investor. So that's that's our objective to attract and start conversations with a
Annie Brown: technical investor that has experience investing in AI.
Annie Brown: Okay.
Annie Brown: ozaz, a skincare brand for melon enriched skin relies on AI for product recommendations. But there's a problem existing skin tone matching algorithms simply don't work for their customers. People with darker skin tones are left disappointed by AI enabled foundation matching. Why off-the-shelf data labeling services like Amazon, mechanical Turk introduce racial bias leading to inaccurate skin tone annotations and ineffective model training.
Annie Brown: And this issue isn't limited to skin tone. Today's solutions struggle with any socially complex data, impacting recommendations across consumer products, from social media to e-commerce to generative AI.
Annie Brown: When annotations are biased, AI model recommendations miss the mark. Users spend less time on a platform and revenue drops. That's where reliable comes in. I'm Annie Brown, an AI bias researcher at Uc. San Diego and the CEO of reliable. Our data annotation software eliminates bias at the source enabling consumer tech companies like Ozaz to deliver precise recommendations that give them a competitive edge. Now let's take a look at how reliable makes this possible.
Lilliana Robinson: 1 0, 5.
Annie Brown: Okay. I gotta cut some down.
Thomas Cirone: Oh, hey? So in keeping with my Anti-curmudgeony day, I like that pitch, too.
Thomas Cirone: I like them all, Annie.
Thomas Cirone: I you know I would make a I'll play Nico from Speako for just a second, Liliana. Right? So just, you know, keep practicing so it doesn't feel like you're reading it, Annie, obviously right. And then I think it's really important when that one sentence where you're beyond melanin, melatonin skin color.
Annie Brown: Yeah.
Thomas Cirone: It's not just for, like like, really like I, you know, I want to inflict some of Talitha's enthusiasm into that sentence because you do you cut across any, almost anybody who, using AI for something related to consumers or to their constituents?
Annie Brown: Yes.
Thomas Cirone: That's the great thing about what you're doing. I think so. I don't have a lot more than that. I think I think I think I love what you're doing, and and I get it so.
Annie Brown: Yeah, yeah, no, I appreciate that. And and, Dave, I like, I like your comment to the only reason we're using those as is because they're our our 1st paying customer.
Thomas Cirone: Yeah, no, no, no, not. I'm not picking that apart, but just like.
Annie Brown: Yeah, yeah.
Thomas Cirone: When you bring it to the rest of the world. Right?
Thomas Cirone: That's like, Oh, wow! Yeah. Cause that. That's a decent market up here. But then, wow! Everybody like you're right. There's biases everywhere.
Annie Brown: Yeah, okay, bring it like, just emphasize that part of this is a big picture problem.
Thomas Cirone: Yes, and I apologize for the nit, but that's all I got.
Annie Brown: I love. I love nitpicking. I love it.
Andrea Perdomo: Annie, I just had a quick question. Did you mention in the pitch that that is a paying customer of yours?
Annie Brown: No, I don't mention in the pitch that that's a paying customer. So yes, I should.
Lilliana Robinson: Thank you.
Andrea Perdomo: Yeah. And the other thing is again, this is not my space. But I imagine if you're trying to get technical investors, they're gonna not know skincare brands either. So the 1st line where you mention the brand
Andrea Perdomo: I actually like stopped listening because I was trying to figure out. What did she. What brand I was like is that her company
Andrea Perdomo: brand? So that was confusing.
Annie Brown: Confusing. Yeah.
Andrea Perdomo: And again, if I'm sitting here and I'm like, I'm technical. Your technical investors are not gonna know who the hell that is.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, maybe need the name, like, I think the name is distracting. I think you should say
Lilliana Robinson: there's a skincare company that blah blah blah! This is our 1st paying customer, and we help them like this.
Annie Brown: Yeah, I could even start our 1st paying customer. A skincare brand for melanin. Rich skin relies on both. Does that?
Annie Brown: Yeah. That cause I was like. Wait! And then you said the brand name is reliable, and I was like, oh, that's their name, not the Skincare Company is not your name like I got a little confused.
Dave Scott: Although, Annie, I guess my challenge, though, is that as soon as you say, your customer is a cosmetics company that focuses on melanins, rich skin. I think that's your market.
Dave Scott: and your market is way bigger than that. I remember this sitcom that I love, where they're where, basically the water fountains were all voice act. No, they were all wave activated, and all the black people couldn't drink water hilarious, but like I think there is a broader market beyond just cosmetic companies that only focus on melan and rich skin. Every company should be focused on this right, I mean, like oil of Ola should be focused on this like any any company where they have. They want a larger population than just
Dave Scott: Caucasian people. It should be. And I want you to say that I want you to say that your mission is bigger than companies that are already focused on melanin rich
Dave Scott: issues.
Annie Brown: Yeah, yeah, no, that's a really good point. Cause I think we don't even talk. I don't even say the word like gender bias, or like, you know, things like that in there. So
Annie Brown: yeah, I
Annie Brown: I was thinking about, maybe including like there's a statistic that 73% of Lgbtq content is labeled as inappropriate on the Internet. I was thinking that.
Lilliana Robinson: Something like that. I think your opening line should. And you're gonna have to cut other stuff is something like that, like, okay, that Stat, 70%
Lilliana Robinson: and say the thing that I was in your investment deck to get into tech stars. Like all of these breastfeeding ads are flagged, and they're not able to like. Be put on Instagram, you should just say, like, Imagine a world where all of these groups are not able to be advertised to, because it just keeps
Lilliana Robinson: having the wrong annotations. Well, our 1st paying customer did this, and we helped them with this like it. It would just paint the picture.
Annie Brown: Yeah, yeah, give it. Give. Give a few more like broad examples.
Annie Brown: Okay.
Andrea Perdomo: Yeah, cause like, I, I guess, like from a brand. If I'm a paying brand, what I would want to know
Andrea Perdomo: is, or even like on the technical side, right? Like, I'm building an AI, whatever
Andrea Perdomo: I would want to know, like how working with you is gonna help me expand my customer market.
Annie Brown: Right.
Andrea Perdomo: Because that's kind of what you're doing. So
Andrea Perdomo: yeah. But I I think somehow, somehow, like all the feedback has been great. But like figuring out how to mesh that together, so that we're focused more on your name, your solution, and how you all have such a broad opportunity.
Annie Brown: Yes, I agree.
Annie Brown: Okay, I will. I will work on that. That's awesome. Thank you. Guys.
Lilliana Robinson: Perfect. Okay, thanks, Annie. Karim.
Lilliana Robinson: Krim is calling in from Scotland because he just had his wedding this weekend. So special bonus points for you to hear.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I go into London, so I'm in London.
Lilliana Robinson: Calling in from London.
Andrea Perdomo: Congratulations.
Lilliana Robinson: So why don't you start with your objective, Krim? Who are you trying to speak to at Demo Day.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: We? We're not necessarily looking for funding. But we want to talk to people
Kirimgeray Kirimli: an engineering leader who resonates with the challenges or someone who's influential in the space, who shares our belief that there might be a better way to lead engineering teams or
Kirimgeray Kirimli: someone who sees a potential synergy with snapshot like these could be
Kirimgeray Kirimli: someone who works for notion or shortcut or monday.com, or or ideally, even Github who might
Kirimgeray Kirimli: would be interested in helping us move the product forward.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: We're still working on our like last call to action bit to reflect what I just sent.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: But I can go ahead with the pitch, and then you can.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: We can. And then you can tell me
Kirimgeray Kirimli: as an engineering executive, it's your job to have full visibility across your team.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: but if you ask any executive they will admit it often feels like they're flying blind.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I've been there, too, having worked my way up to managing over 300 engineers. I know that with each new rolling up the ladder comes bigger decisions, but fewer answers.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I've found that to be a good leader. You need both the numbers and the story behind them.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: especially when reviewing performance, reporting up or answering tough questions on the spot.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: It's not just about who's hitting target.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: It's about knowing who's really delivering, who needs help. And when key projects will actually get done.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: My name is Kurum, and that's why I build snapshot reviews.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Unlike other tools that just serve a broad number, snapshot dives deeper.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Using AI to add clarity and context.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: We pull data from Github, Jira, and stand-ups to help you make decisions faster and with confidence.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Whether you're reviewing performance, justifying headcount or optimizing costs
Kirimgeray Kirimli: snapshot makes it easier to spot, what's working and what's not.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: and where to focus your time. So you can lead more effectively and keep your team moving forward.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Today our ask is simple
Kirimgeray Kirimli: snapshot reviews has been self-funded from the start, and we're fully committed to this vision.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: But growth isn't just about what we built. It's about the connections and support that can help us grow.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: If you believe in what we're doing, we'd love your help through your network or insights to take this from great to unstoppable.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Thank you very much for your time.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, Krim. So the pace was great.
Lilliana Robinson: That was a minute 40. So you need to cut almost half of your pitch.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Yep.
Lilliana Robinson: So I don't know if the mentors can help talk about anything that might have been superfluous, or places he can cut.
Andrea Perdomo: Yeah, I'm happy to go first.st I think
Andrea Perdomo: so. I was. Gonna say, it felt a little long. So I'm glad I'm not going crazy. the 1st thing I was gonna say is, I think the intro could be a lot shorter, like. One of the things that I wrote down is I wanted. I wanted to hear about you and the company name earlier, so like that that top part. I think you could probably cut a few things out of that section. Right before you do your introduction.
Andrea Perdomo: The other thing that I wrote is, I think you're so like the 2 bookends, I think, could be shorter.
Andrea Perdomo: The call to action at the end, like, even though you said you weren't looking for funding. It kind of sounded like you were looking for funding. I wasn't
Andrea Perdomo: really sure.
Andrea Perdomo: But it seems like you could probably cut like 80% of that call to action at the end, and just say, like, Check out our demo, or something like that
Andrea Perdomo: versus going to the extent of
Andrea Perdomo: I forget what you said exactly, but that those 2 pieces felt a little bit long to me.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: That makes sense.
Thomas Cirone: Yeah, no, that's great stuff, Andrea. I think she really sum so. The 3 things I wrote down Karim
Thomas Cirone: were that you were an engineering executive yourself, would you say 200 or 300 people? You managed.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Yeah.
Thomas Cirone: Like that that, resonated I. Just these are things that resonated with me. And then the numbers in in
Thomas Cirone: to review performance. It's the numbers in a sort of like that was a great sentence. So I got that.
Thomas Cirone: And then I think when you, when you mentioned Github and Jira. I like that because that you're talking to the engineers in the audience at that point, right? Or people of that mindset. Right?
Thomas Cirone: And so those are the things that resonated with me like that was good right there. And I think Andrew is spot on on several things, including yeah, that end part just like, hey? If you're interested in the space, come and connect with us, that's all you needed to say.
Thomas Cirone: and and that there were 2 or 3 sentences there. We could have probably cut cut that as she noted so.
Thomas Cirone: But I get what you're trying to do.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: We'll
Kirimgeray Kirimli: when I was reading it like it also felt like the end was a bit too long. But it's I think it's partially because, like.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: we're unsure how to relay that message
Kirimgeray Kirimli: of like, we want people to talk to us, but we don't really want money, but.
Thomas Cirone: We'll just just say it. Hey! Come, talk to us! You like this stuff. Come, talk to us. I I don't know if it's any more difficult than that right cause I'm assuming your video is cool and your Q. And A is cool. Right? So just for this, make it a minute. Give me to watch the video. Give me to watch the Q. And a. Give me to come. Talk to you right.
Dave Scott: Sure. And what about this?
Dave Scott: If you're an engineering manager or you manage engineers.
Dave Scott: come, talk to me so we can make your life a lot easier or something like that.
Lilliana Robinson: And just so you know this closing statement or this ask, should not be in your pitch. This should be at the end of your Q. And a.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: Oh!
Lilliana Robinson: That already can cut out of your pitch because you're doing pitch, and then your video, and then your QA. So you don't want to have your ask in the middle, and then, like you're still on stage for 5 more minutes.
Lilliana Robinson: It's the last question in your Q. And A. Should be the the Eir saying, How can the audience help you? What do you? What is your ask today?
Kirimgeray Kirimli: All right.
Lilliana Robinson: But I love what you said. Go ahead, Andrea. Sorry.
Andrea Perdomo: No, I was gonna just plus one. What Dave said. I think this is your opportunity to be very direct.
Andrea Perdomo: and
Andrea Perdomo: the last thing you want is people talking to you that you don't want to talk to so like, just ask
Andrea Perdomo: and and be very upfront about who it is you want to have a conversation with.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: That makes sense.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool any other questions. Krim.
Kirimgeray Kirimli: I'm good.
Lilliana Robinson: All right, George.
George Reed - Noetic: Alright. Thank you. So yeah, thanks, Andrea. And Tom. So my goal here
George Reed - Noetic: will be mostly to speak to potential clients. I think I'm not going to fundraise until I get to a certain revenue threshold.
George Reed - Noetic: So yeah, sales. And Mrr is my
George Reed - Noetic: main. I'll start the conversations. But that's the main thing. So yep, I will start now. So some of you in the audience might remember when 2 of the world's largest consumer brands Coke and Pepsi took a bet on natural sodas, Coke life and Pepsi. True.
George Reed - Noetic: Well, there's a reason why most of us don't remember, and both were 100 million dollars failures. And how about Hollywood's short form streaming service quibi, which imploded in its 1st month after burning through nearly 2 billion dollars of funding
George Reed - Noetic: with an easy way to understand the consumers at every decision point these mistakes could have been avoided.
George Reed - Noetic: I'm George, founder of Noetic, and for consumer insight teams who need fast and accurate research, we enable constant collaboration with their market by reflecting consumers, own insights back to them through iterated conversation.
George Reed - Noetic: before the product launches before millions are invested, and before career-ending mistakes are made.
George Reed - Noetic: imagine if Coke had a super low friction way to know their natural soda would be rejected, or if Quibi had understood that viewers don't want short form, Hollywood, content.
George Reed - Noetic: Nobody could have saved them from career ending failure without democratized consumer directed research. Let me show you how it works.
Lilliana Robinson: All right. That was 1 0, 2.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah, yeah, go to try and.
Lilliana Robinson: No, that's fine can be.
George Reed - Noetic: Just.
Thomas Cirone: I passed to Andrea on this one. Andrew, can you start us out? Please?
Andrea Perdomo: Yeah, of course, I was like, I thought we were naturally switching. But I can.
Thomas Cirone: No, I you had a look in your eye, and I didn't have that look. So you go.
Andrea Perdomo: Yeah. Okay. So, George, I think, like, there are a few things that I want to call out that actually went really? Well. So one of them is the intro like the
Andrea Perdomo: I think the the question that I was gonna ask right was like, Well, how much is this saving companies, and you answered that in.
George Reed - Noetic: The first.st
Andrea Perdomo: 3 seconds, which was really valuable. 1 point of feedback is maybe just enunciating the name of the company a little bit better in your name because you kinda like read through that pretty quickly.
George Reed - Noetic: Oh, yeah.
Andrea Perdomo: But overall, I actually thought it was pretty strong.
Andrea Perdomo: Yeah.
George Reed - Noetic: Thanks. Ajay.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah, I think one thing that Neil said was,
George Reed - Noetic: Are you sure that you know Coca-cola and Pepsi and these like big examples? Can you really help them, you know, like that was 1 1 objection he had. So I'll address that in the Q&A, but basically, this is trying to fill the gaps. So like, it's meant to be a continuous conversation. So they're still doing their big, expensive research projects. But this is improving those and reducing risk at every decision point. So when
George Reed - Noetic: when the survey is too big to do it like you don't need one, or you can't justify a big project for a small decision. You can use this all the time.
George Reed - Noetic: So that's how it could mitigate the risk of those big failures. Essentially, yeah. And I think, yeah.
Andrea Perdomo: Do you have the words like mitigate risk in your pitch? Did I, miss.
George Reed - Noetic: No. But in the Q. And A, I'm gonna address that point because I know people be skeptical. I'm kind of like, okay with that, though making people skeptical. So they go. Who are you to say, like, you know? Talk about 2 billion dollar failures and stuff?
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah?
George Reed - Noetic: And like, use that as maybe
George Reed - Noetic: a hook, and then the demo, and then in the Q&A address like
George Reed - Noetic: well, actually, on Friday I have a meeting with the Insight Director of Coca-cola, Japan. So like, because he's interested in this idea, my one of my clients introduced it
George Reed - Noetic: to that guy cause they're.
Andrea Perdomo: Even even actually hearing you say that maybe if there is an opportunity to add that language into the pitch, like we
Andrea Perdomo: mitigating risk.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah. Yeah. Thanks.
Andrea Perdomo: Because that is like, obviously like, I got the idea. But that is actually a question that popped into my head, which I'm glad you're gonna be addressing, which is.
Andrea Perdomo: you know, it's kind of like gambling like it may or may not work like you still might be dealing with like a myspace. It's just now I'm laughing because natural sodas are in
George Reed - Noetic: Oh, yeah, the way that yeah. The way do you know the way they did it? They mixed Stevia with normal sugar, Coke when they already had diet Coke, and it's in a green can. And it was like, you know, super weird.
Andrea Perdomo: Yeah, but my head did go there. I was like, Oh, wait natural sodas. And now so maybe addressing to like how the timing of
Andrea Perdomo: the constant consumer feedback will help them.
George Reed - Noetic: Submitting.
Andrea Perdomo: Gate risks.
Andrea Perdomo: I don't know.
George Reed - Noetic: Okay, thank you. Yeah, I like that. Thank you.
Thomas Cirone: No, I echo that, Andrea. I think it like emphatic, if I may, George, be emphatic about that, because you had me on the problem, although I don't know much about the Coke Pepsi natural thing. But you got me with quibi like quibi still bothers me today, and I didn't even work that right? I'm like, God, what the hell were you guys doing
Thomas Cirone: right, Dave, too. So so you you had us on the problem, I think right? And I just wanted you to be emphatic about like, here's what we're doing. Like, we're we're mitigating this.
Thomas Cirone: You know what I mean. That's all other than that.
Thomas Cirone: you know, I'm gonna want to see that video. I'm gonna want to listen to your Q. And a. I thought I thought your pitch was
Thomas Cirone: was good in that regard.
George Reed - Noetic: Awesome. Thank you. Thanks. Guys, appreciate it.
Lilliana Robinson: Perfect. Thanks, George. Okay, Nick, from tutor me.
Nicholas Li: Cool. Thank you. Guys. Yeah, our objective is like George and Talitha, we're not trying to raise. We're just trying to get introduction to potential like long term partnerships, which are in our case educators. Specifically, IP schools, in the area.
Nicholas Li: Most American high school students get accepted to college, and immediately they can enjoy senior riders, however, for international baccalaureate students worldwide, who dream of attending university in countries outside of North America. Getting accepted is only the 1st step. One failed. Exam, and your conditional offer is revoked.
Nicholas Li: Growing up in Hong Kong. I lived this pressure my Imperial college London offer dreamed hinged entirely on passing a grueling set of exams like thousands of Ib students, I had tutors, but they couldn't be there at 11 Pm. When I was stuck on a practice problem questioning if I was good enough. I'm Nick and I built Tutorme for students who struggle the same way I did. Tutorme is a platform designed to work alongside educators. We give Ib students immediate feedback guided learning plans any time of the day.
Nicholas Li: We're not replacing traditional tutoring. We're filling the gap between tutoring and schools. When students feel most vulnerable and alone. Students no longer have to scour the Internet for pirated practice exams watch the same Youtube videos for hours on end or peer review each other's papers. Instead, they use Tutorme.
Lilliana Robinson: That was 1 0, 3, so perfectly fine!
Nicholas Li: Okay.
Thomas Cirone: Okay, I'll go first, st Andrew. I'll take you off the hook on that one.
Thomas Cirone: you know, Nicholas, so admittedly, I don't. I don't know that market really? Well, right?
Thomas Cirone: you know. And I I'm curious. So I'm curious, Liliana, keep me. Keep me honest on this one. Do you want to, or can you? Or should you?
Thomas Cirone: Aside from okay, you you fail one exam. You're out. You don't get into one B school. So what's your life like, if you don't get into that school like you like, you're like, I want to go to an international business school and study business, and if I don't get in. I'm washing dishes at my dad's restaurant like I I guess I I guess.
Lilliana Robinson: It's fully through.
Thomas Cirone: Yeah, I I understand what you're doing. And I remember, you know, and and I think it's great, right. And it's a market. I don't know, so I want a little bit of an apology there. But so, Liliana, keep me honest. There like is is that had? Does that have a place, maybe in the.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I agree. I've been trying to push tutor mean to be a lot more emotionally compelling, because that's really like the play here. It's 1 of our only here in this group, and I think that makes it even stronger. It doesn't have to be exactly what Tom, said Nick. But basically like, what is their goal if their goal was to become a doctor and they don't get into the their
Lilliana Robinson: dream undergraduate school like, what does that mean for their life. They're not going to be able to achieve their dreams.
Lilliana Robinson: Tell us that. Make us feel that heartache.
Nicholas Li: Cause. I'm already at time, so I'm like trying to figure out what I can. You know.
Dave Scott: So this is a this is our dumb idea. But like
Dave Scott: What if like?
Dave Scott: What if you tied it to suicide rates? And and so hear me out. I was just talking to a university, my university, and they were talking about how suicide rates are higher than ever, and just the stress of getting in is an issue.
Dave Scott: I'm wondering what I mean. I'm wondering if that stat matters only because
Dave Scott: what what's the downside of not getting in.
Dave Scott: They go get a job and reapply next year right? Like, I mean, is there?
Dave Scott: You know, they're not really washing dishes. Probably if they're already paying us a tutor for 300 bucks an hour. Obviously their parents are pretty well off, so like, I just wonder.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, I don't.
Lilliana Robinson: They can't just. They can't just apply the next year, Dave, that's.
Dave Scott: Yeah, to take.
Nicholas Li: No, you fail your offer. You go to your safety school.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. And that's what happens in the Us. Too. Very few people.
Dave Scott: No people do it all the time. They take a gap year, and they reapply.
Lilliana Robinson: Most people just take the second choice they got into, and and call it a day. I would say.
Thomas Cirone: Ran up in commute.
Dave Scott: But but their life doesn't end then. Okay, so instead of going.
Lilliana Robinson: So that's what Tom's saying.
Dave Scott: To northeastern.
Lilliana Robinson: Exactly. I agree with you, Dave. So like, that's why it's hard here, right? Because
Lilliana Robinson: I think it being the international population I create completely agree with you, Dave. It being the international population has a separate set of it's clearly a set of circumstances that we don't understand as much in America, where, like a lot more, is riding on it, maybe their whole family is counting on them. Whatever it is like. Help us understand cause. Dave and Tom have great points. They're hearing your pitch, and they're saying like, What's the big deal?
Lilliana Robinson: But I want Andre to have a chance to also weigh in.
Andrea Perdomo: Yeah, I have a. I have a lot of thoughts.
Andrea Perdomo: Like, maybe we can go offline one. I'm married to a teacher. So I know a lot about the education space. And he works a lot with 1st generation college students, and international students. So I have kind of like that in my head right now. My.
Andrea Perdomo: I I like. I think I agree with everything. One of the things that I wanted to just be super clear on Nick. Is this a product just for international students.
Nicholas Li: International baccalaureate students.
Andrea Perdomo: Very specific.
Andrea Perdomo: Who do you think is the paying customer.
Nicholas Li: Initially be the student, which is just a parent, since they're like 16 to 18 year olds. But eventually we're thinking about like
Nicholas Li: b 2 b. Via schools.
Nicholas Li: But right now be the parent.
Andrea Perdomo: Yeah, I think it's the parents.
Andrea Perdomo: yeah, I'm just. I'm just wondering, I think again, like making like Liliana, like the story
Andrea Perdomo: you have to pull on people's heartstrings a little bit.
Nicholas Li: Okay.
Andrea Perdomo: Back in my days at Texters. That's what we did very well twice.
Andrea Perdomo: I'm so happy to to help there, but like you're.
Nicholas Li: This offline.
Andrea Perdomo: Yeah, yeah, I think so. Like your story is, is
Andrea Perdomo: is what should be leading the pitch. And even, I think because you can speak for yourself, being able to say something along the lines of like if I had not done Xyz like this is what.
Lilliana Robinson: But.
Andrea Perdomo: Could have happened. And that's why I am not only the right person to build this, but
Andrea Perdomo: this is why this is such a specific product use case and like customer.
Lilliana Robinson: Nick, you can reach out to Andre. Her email is in the calendar. Invite for this call. Dave and Scott are not. That's your last name, Dave and Tom. What I will say is something. I told Nick, and you might have heard this in a different session, but something that's so different about the International Baccalaureate program is how
Lilliana Robinson: passionate people are about it, changing their lives. So like someone on the Investment Committee. For when we were putting tutor me through. So all of the companies here went through investment committee with, like David Cohen and Brad Feld, and, like all the big names at techstars, and one of the people on the panel said I would not be where I am today without the Ib program, and then he became the biggest cheerleader for tutor me to get through the investment committee to get into this program. So that's something I've shared, because, like, I think that's a really big sentiment that people feel.
Dave Scott: So like, what's the what's the why, though, Liliana? Because I like where that takes me is like, maybe it's like a situation where it's a 1st time
Dave Scott: like like in in the United States. It's very, very big. If your 1st time going to college right in the African American community, the entire community surrounds the person who gets to college 1st and gets through that process. That's emotional for me. I get that. So is there something like that
Dave Scott: that they could use to be able to say like this is a big deal, because, yes, the whole family is riding on it. The pride of the family, the reputation of the family. Also in other cultures. Maybe they maybe parents get taken care of their kids, not in America. But then maybe it's the investment that the parents go into. I'm just wondering if there's something that they could tap into, that we would relate to. Sorry for interrupting.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, no, I wouldn't know, because I'm just saying what happened in the investment committee. I've only I've only done this process here. But, Nick, this is all for you. You don't have to answer now, because we're actually kind of out of time. But these are all just thoughts for you.
Nicholas Li: Will do. Thank you so much. Harvard.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, so think about it. We'll talk to you guys. I think, on Friday. So try and like, marinate on that and have a new version, for when we talk to you again.
Lilliana Robinson: okay, near it.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, wait! You're on a customer call. We'll come back to you, Dominique.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Cool. Hi, everyone! Thank you. Andrea and Tom, for giving us your time. Really appreciate it. So I'm Dominique, co-founder, CEO of looney. 8. Our objective for Demo day is to really focus on growth and customers. So we pivoted during techstars
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: we've now launched. We've seen really great growth since then. So really, in my pitch, I want to show that I'm an expert. I spent my career in finance. So I want to have that authority and also tease a little bit to to create that excitement which will then shift to the video, which will show people how it's done, like the actual product, demo. And then QA. Will talk much more about the pivot and why? It's a pain point and a problem that needs addressing.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Okie Dokie, let me jump in.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Okay.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: we're currently in the greatest wealth transfer of all time. Millennials are set to inherit 90 trillion dollars in the Us. Alone.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: with 8 out of 10 millennials seeking professional financial advice online. This presents a massive opportunity for wealth managers.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: but over 50% of financial firms are archaic. They're held back by outdated systems and lengthy compliance processes. This makes it really difficult for marketing teams to effectively reach this audience
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: as the former global head of digital marketing at the world's largest wealth manager. Ubs, I saw this problem firsthand, and it cost the firm millions of dollars.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: That's why we've built looneyate an AI powered platform that automates the creation and distribution of compliant sentiment. Driven content. This helps financial marketing leaders reach the millennial investor.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: I'm Dominique, CEO and co-founder of looneyate. We hit 5 K Mrr. Only 2 weeks after launching. Let me show you how we're helping financial firms capture their share of the 90 trillion dollars. Wealth transfer.
Lilliana Robinson: 59 seconds.
Thomas Cirone: Am I first, st Andrea? Did you want go for it?
Thomas Cirone: I don't have a lot. I got a lot of love for Dominique. I think it's a good pitch.
Thomas Cirone: I think you're a chief of your executive. I I do so I
Thomas Cirone: I and I think you can do more than just so. That's a huge market, by the way, and I'm I've been reading a lot about that market.
Thomas Cirone: and
Thomas Cirone: and I think you probably have a bigger market than just millennials. But it's a great market to attack right away. So I'm okay with all that, right? Because I thought at the end. Maybe you didn't have to say millennials at the end. You could just like, you know, if you're
Thomas Cirone: if you're trying to attract people, you know, if you're trying to expand like, because because you're pitching to people that are trying to expand their wealth management practice, whether they're maybe an Ria or even a bigger institution, right? And they're probably thinking bigger than millennials. But there certainly is that mass opportunity. So I like it all. I'm going to leave Andrea to pick you apart a bit on this one, so I got
Thomas Cirone: give you a hug.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Thank you. Look back.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Yeah.
Andrea Perdomo: I'm not gonna pick you apart. I don't mind.
Andrea Perdomo: No, I think I was just I I
Andrea Perdomo: so there were 2 things that I wanted to call out. I don't know how I feel about it, so I'll just say that one is.
Andrea Perdomo: I was what I was left wondering if
Andrea Perdomo: you are building a product for, like small wealth management or larger institutions, because ubs is huge.
Andrea Perdomo: So my guess is that they're not your customer unless I'm wrong. Like? Is it like? Which? Who? Who is it?
Andrea Perdomo: Or is it everybody.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: No, it's a it's a great question. So I think Ubs ultimately would be where we strive to be. But to begin with, we would start small. So currently, we have a Fintech. We also have a regional bank as a customer. So the idea is that we can get more and more case studies and and build into it.
Andrea Perdomo: Okay, knowing that. Now, I I do wonder if if your goal again is to kind of do growth and customers, and maybe look to like
Andrea Perdomo: folks in the room. My guess is, folks in the room who have
Andrea Perdomo: someone that they are currently using to manage their wealth and or our wealth managers themselves.
Andrea Perdomo: I think, using the example that, like you have, the experience of working at ubs is obviously really powerful. So don't remove that, but maybe add something along the lines of like.
Andrea Perdomo: We are empowering smaller to mid-sized wealth managers to be able to access this market quicker or something along those lines, if that truly is where you're starting
Andrea Perdomo: and then the only other. Again, I can't decide if this is just me being
Andrea Perdomo: me, or if other people agree, but like the 5 K Mrr. Isn't like a huge number.
Andrea Perdomo: So I don't know. And I know you said like, within the 1st 2 weeks.
Andrea Perdomo: but I'm just wondering if that is more valuable to keep or take out. I don't really.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: I'm 20.
Andrea Perdomo: On that one.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: So that it's good feedback. I think the demo day we're tracking 15 K. That's like a live Stat from 2 weeks ago. So if we reach our goal, then I'd like to include it and increase it, just to show we're growing week on week. But I think you're right. If we're still only at 5 K. Perhaps in the QAI can address it like, what do you think.
Andrea Perdomo: About that.
Andrea Perdomo: I'm just wondering if it doesn't like. I don't know, Liliana, what you think, but like if it if if the number doesn't land above 10 to 15 K Mrr. I think leaving it out might do less harm than leaving it in.
Lilliana Robinson: If you're really proud of it, you can mention it offhandedly in the Q. And a. But since the I would say like word economy of the pitch is so
Lilliana Robinson: like, so strict. Every single word that you say here is going to really resonate with people, and people might be like pondering on it.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: So to put. Yeah, Tom, did you want to say something.
Thomas Cirone: Hey, just Dominic, just really quick. I'm going back to Andrea's 1st point, which I think is really good.
Thomas Cirone: my understanding of your platform. And so I may maybe made a wrong assumption was that as a platform, you could
Thomas Cirone: basically like anyone of any size could use your platform like, I don't know. So you essentially can follow the money right so, and I don't know if that's worth saying in the pitch, or worth saying it all in the evening, but I felt like what I knew about you, and so so correct me if I'm wrong, was that the platform could be could be used by Ubs tomorrow, in theory, or could be used by an ria out of San Francisco who's got 20 customers and manages big wealth. Kind of thing am I did. I misunderstand you guys, and I'm going back earlier in the accelerator.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: No, you're correct. You're correct. I just.
Thomas Cirone: Is that something that should be worked into? I don't. So I'll leave that up to you and Leon and and other smart and Andrea, other smarter people than me.
Thomas Cirone: If you feel the need to sort of say, like, like we can help
Thomas Cirone: anybody of any size with the platform, and I don't know if that's worth saying or not, that's all my thought. It was just a thought. Sorry.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: No, it's helpful, I think the other. The only reason we're starting small is the sales. Cycles are much faster. So we're just trying to get runs on the board, but we're already speaking with larger financial. I think it's a good point.
Thomas Cirone: I mean, if Jamie Diamond shows up like you want him to come and get you and say, Oh, wow! She's not.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Absolutely.
Thomas Cirone: We were looking at that. But now I can look at you guys.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Yeah, we won't make fun.
Lilliana Robinson: You need to write down this question, Dominique, because what you just said as an answer should be in your QA.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Tom's clearly wondering that after hearing your pitch, the Eir should ask you. And you say, Yeah, we're starting with these smaller ones, and that's where you can say, like, we just made 5 Kmr. In 2 weeks. The sales cycles are really fast. We're hoping to speed that up. But we are also talking to big firms like ubs, like, here's the the big vision that needs to be one of your 1st few questions.
Lilliana Robinson: because that's what people are wondering right after. So I do agree with Andrea. Leave that out. I do think your personality isn't coming through very much in your delivery of this pitch. It's probably because you don't have it memorized yet. So you're not actually focusing on how you're delivering it.
Lilliana Robinson: But your personality is infectious, and I want that to come through. I don't want it to just be this like monotone. Oh, I'm in finance, and here is my business. People aren't going to listen like we need who you are to shine. So people are interested. So Fabio suggested more pauses. I would suggest more intonation, and that can be next week.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Cheers.
Lilliana Robinson: Finalizing it. But just keep that in mind.
Dominique Harrison-Bentzen: Yeah, perfect. Thank you. I really appreciate the feedback.
Lilliana Robinson: Did you have anything else, Andrea?
Andrea Perdomo: Very good.
Andrea Perdomo: No, I think that's good.
Lilliana Robinson: Perfect. Okay, nurit, are you back yet?
Lilliana Robinson: You just let us know when you're back. He had a fire come up with a customer, so
Lilliana Robinson: he'll come back at some point. Fabio.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah, cool. So the goal for my pitch is to get the audience excited about the problem.
Fabio Caironi: Introduce the threat of the difficult access to computing power and outline our solution and vision. So really like, tell a quick story that gets them excited. With the video will leave the audience confident that we can solve the problem so they will feel like we are the right team, and and we have the right vision to tackle this challenge.
Fabio Caironi: and then the Qa. Q. And a will address the competitive advantage in more detail
Fabio Caironi: and common concerns about Icp go to market strategy and security, and also we'll announce our fundraising round.
Lilliana Robinson: It's a wide variety of objectives, so we'll see if we can cover it up.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah, I'm trying to fit everything in one bin.
Lilliana Robinson: We might need to narrow that or target certain sections to different people.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, let's hear it.
Fabio Caironi: In the past 2 years AI has revolutionized industries with innovation spannings from creative tools to operational efficiency.
Fabio Caironi: But all these applications are bound to one thing, computing power.
Fabio Caironi: even provided that you find a good deal in the cloud. Managing competing resources for your AI or data applications is still technically
Fabio Caironi: is still a technical hurdle, leaving 70% of startups struggling.
Fabio Caironi: By the time they reach a stable solution they will have spent excessive time, energy, and money in the process.
Fabio Caironi: That's why I founded byte night we provide a serverless platform that simplifies access to application containers, so that each company that wants to utilize cpus and gpus at scale doesn't have to hire expert devops
Fabio Caironi: or go through the pain of setting that up on their own
Fabio Caironi: using. Bytene allows them to get from 0 to functional in just a few minutes, and to use the power of distributed computing, whether you're a team of 50 or one person.
Fabio Caironi: we are targeting, targeting a 350 billion market aiming to become the leading serverless Cloud provider within 5 years. Let me show you how we help companies succeed with by night.
Lilliana Robinson: 108, and Dave said the same thing. I said last time you didn't cut in the past 2 years. Remember, I told you that in Troy's pitch practice.
Fabio Caironi: Well, I did cut it.
Lilliana Robinson: Did you not just say it?
Fabio Caironi: No, no, I just said, that's why I founded Byte night.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, okay.
Dave Scott: Beginning in the first.st
George Reed - Noetic: The first, st the first, st the first.st
George Reed - Noetic: It's.
Fabio Caironi: Oh, well, oh, that's a different 2 years.
Lilliana Robinson: Oh, yeah.
Dave Scott: It's it's still, it's still. It's still happening. So 2 years, 3 years, 0 years doesn't matter. It's still happening.
Fabio Caironi: I thought you were referring to different one.
Lilliana Robinson: No, you're right. I was wrong.
Lilliana Robinson: They're talking about something different. Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: so cut that. Let's go to our mentors.
Lilliana Robinson: Andrea.
Andrea Perdomo: Yeah. Hi, Hi, Fabio, it's good to see you again.
Andrea Perdomo: Where was my head at? Is what I was trying to think about. Oh, I, okay. So I think
Andrea Perdomo: I understand the problem.
Andrea Perdomo: So like you said, if
Andrea Perdomo: the problem excitement like I get it, maybe it's because I'm working in cloud. So I officially understand. I do think, though, like the part that is still a little bit unclear for me is the how
Andrea Perdomo: like. I don't know if that's something you're gonna address potentially in the Q&A. But like, how are you different to other like serverless cloud providers? Is something that's really interesting to me. And then I just had a
Andrea Perdomo: tactical question around where that 70% of startups number comes from and like
Andrea Perdomo: from a financial standpoint like, what's the burden that those startups are facing.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah, 70% comes from the estimated percentage of users of serverless solutions. So
Fabio Caironi: already those startups are struggling. So they're looking for alternatives that
Fabio Caironi: abstract the infrastructure layer and and help them spin up their applications faster.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah, from the financial standpoint.
Fabio Caironi: so I I don't know what your question was. No sorry for regarding the how we solve that. It's gonna be addressed with more detail in the video.
Fabio Caironi: The reason why is that there's so much to share about this pace.
Fabio Caironi: Literally, like there's a list of 15 different types of workloads that can be served by the cloud, and like it would take me like 30 min to walk you through all of them, and explain what what bite night can serve and what Bytene can serve so I decided to put it all in a video
Fabio Caironi: like a quick visual explanation of what we can do and how we do that differently.
Andrea Perdomo: Okay, yeah, I think that I think that that piece will help. I'm just trying to figure out like, if your customers are startups right like, how
Andrea Perdomo: what's what is the financial relief that they're gonna get by working with you versus like other.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah. So it's funny because I cut that part because.
Andrea Perdomo: Okay.
Fabio Caironi: I I didn't. It didn't fit, and and Neil told me to like touch upon the vision. But the part that I cut was, we make it half of half as expensive as
Fabio Caironi: Aws and Google Cloud.
Fabio Caironi: So that was the financial advantage.
Dave Scott: Sounds pretty important
Dave Scott: as an ex Aws executive employee.
Thomas Cirone: Hey, Andrea? Can I have a thought here.
Andrea Perdomo: Yeah, please.
Thomas Cirone: It's gonna take me a minute to get out. So Liliana cut me off. If I'm talking too much here.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Thomas Cirone: Seriously. So 70% of startups, Fabio, how many startups is that like
Thomas Cirone: I used to have some stats on? How many startups, or how many people went through accelerators, or how many just startups, or how many new businesses were started in North America. Right? And it's a lot it's like.
Thomas Cirone: and and I forget. So I apologize. I forget the numbers, 10,000 or 50,000, something like right and
Thomas Cirone: they and they all fail for various reasons, unfortunately, right?
Thomas Cirone: And you don't want them to fail because they don't have good cloud resources. Correct.
Thomas Cirone: And and so I'm trying to figure out like, what does that? How like if you want the audience excited about that? And you're gonna have a broad
Thomas Cirone: people there, and maybe some cloud experts and non-cloud experts I don't know.
Thomas Cirone: and if I want them excited, I want to try, and maybe
Thomas Cirone: again keep me honest here. Everybody else like like just more more numbers or more like like they're not gonna because of us. They're not gonna fill because of this.
Thomas Cirone: right? Like, we can't control their market. But like you could, but you can help them with their cloud resources in a cost efficient way. Some of them go out of business because they spend too much money on infrastructure right away, right? And and I don't know how to say that I don't know if it's worth saying. So. That's that was my only thought like
Thomas Cirone: to excite the audience. I didn't know if there was
Thomas Cirone: a a different way of saying that, or a different way of driving that home.
Fabio Caironi: Absolutely. I keep that in mind. Maybe I should be more on point. And yeah, because I say they are struggling, and then I say they will spend more time and money and energy in the process. But I don't see why. Maybe the the connection is not clear.
Fabio Caironi: I could.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah.
Thomas Cirone: Oh, no! So I'll defer to the smarter folks on. Why.
Fabio Caironi: That's a good point.
Lilliana Robinson: I think we're gonna have to move on. Did you wanna do any final points, Andrea.
Andrea Perdomo: Yeah, I was. I think I was just curious. Like, if you're gonna announce your fundraising round during the Q. And A, why.
Andrea Perdomo: your that's not your focus for the the 1 min.
Fabio Caironi: So my goal is to both to find
Fabio Caironi: potential customers and and potential investors. And there is there is a common trait here. I want my investors to be technical. So it's sort of like a filter if they don't get this
Andrea Perdomo: That's fair.
Fabio Caironi: Yeah, they should be already a little familiar with the problem. So I can just trigger them.
Andrea Perdomo: Okay, no, that's fair. I just wanted to get that clear.
Fabio Caironi: Anna, thanks for that. Thank you so much. Guys.
Lilliana Robinson: Thanks, Fabia, all right, mentors. Just so. You know we have 3 left. I think we'll be able to get through them all. But I will keep an eye on time, Dave, you're next.
Dave Scott: In a world where. No, I'm joking.
Dave Scott: Hey, guys, Thomas got that joke?
Dave Scott: So
Dave Scott: I'm trying to. I am trying to raise money. And the 1 min script is really dedicated towards trying to figure out, just trying to give everyone a framing
Dave Scott: and then the 1 min script. The 1 min video is a customer journey.
Dave Scott: and then my Q&A. Goes into business model and stuff like that.
Dave Scott: Alright, I just overall my, my script. So I'm curious to get everyone's thoughts, because this is newish for people, you ready
Dave Scott: alright, thanks to shows like stranger things.
Dave Scott: tabletop role-playing games, like dungeons and dragons, are as popular as ever.
Dave Scott: Over a hundred 50 million gamers come together with friends and family every week to throw dice.
Dave Scott: But then Covid prevented the way prevented people from getting together in person and permanently disrupted the way this 50 year old game was being played.
Dave Scott: This amplified the loneliness epidemic that so many people experienced during the pandemic.
Dave Scott: I'm Dave Scott, founder of evil genius games. We're here to restore those social relationships and cure the loneliness.
Dave Scott: We make it easy to recreate the physical game experience on the computer, allowing friends to play, no matter where they are.
Dave Scott: We're ushering in the future of tabletop games.
Dave Scott: Today we have over 35,000 customers in our community, and we're on a path to hit 2 million dollars of sales in 2024,
Dave Scott: we have created the perfect solution to make stranger things feel more familiar than ever.
Lilliana Robinson: That was 1 13. I loved your pace. So you're gonna need to just cut like one sentence to get it down to like 1 0, 5.
Dave Scott: Yeah, thank, you.
Thomas Cirone: In the interest of time. I'm just going to give Dave a cyber hug and and throw it over to Andrea.
Andrea Perdomo: Dave, it's so good to see you again. I have to say like since the last time I saw you at Sf. Tech week to. Now I understand your product significantly more in that pitch.
Andrea Perdomo: So that is much better. I am left with less questions and more excitement about how to get my family to play, so I think that is a really positive
Andrea Perdomo: I agree with Liliana. The pace was wonderful, so just cutting something out might be
Andrea Perdomo: good, and then being able to see the customer journey, I think, is gonna be really key because those are still the questions that I get which is like, how in the world does this work?
Andrea Perdomo: So, being able to see it, I think, will kind of help that. And then I really loved that you added some of those numbers around
Andrea Perdomo: where you're at to date with customers as well as sales.
Andrea Perdomo: So I actually don't have a whole lot.
Dave Scott: Thank you, and thank you, George, for being so uber excited about it.
George Reed - Noetic: That was great. Like, I said, in there, you're gonna do the community in the video thing like you normally do.
George Reed - Noetic: Yeah, show some use. Yeah, I love it because that then it like it really kind of gives a prelude to that, because normally it jumps straight into the community thing.
George Reed - Noetic: but not giving that 1 min like pitch initially.
George Reed - Noetic: even knowing what you do. I think like it lands
George Reed - Noetic: much better, actually for a broad audience.
George Reed - Noetic: So love.
Andrea Perdomo: Dave. Sorry I did have one more question for you.
Andrea Perdomo: Are you at all trying to talk to investors that are direct to consumer.
Dave Scott: Yes.
Andrea Perdomo: Okay.
Dave Scott: Yeah, we're we're we're exclusively DC,
Dave Scott: well, not necessarily. We sell. We sell to retailers, too. So probably not. But yeah, mostly.
Andrea Perdomo: Okay, I just had.
Andrea Perdomo: Maybe this is a Q&A thing
Andrea Perdomo: but talking about that might be really helpful. Not necessarily
Andrea Perdomo: the investors. But your sales channels.
Andrea Perdomo: Because, having done consumer, there's a it's a special breed of investors that will touch consumer product.
Dave Scott: Yeah, we're actually phasing out our physical product and doing more of a subscription model. And I'm gonna talk into the business model a little bit later on. Because yes, you're 100% right like there's Maveron and a few others that do the consumer stuff. But then everyone else doesn't. So we're moving away from that.
Andrea Perdomo: Okay. Cool.
Dave Scott: We actually might, we're actually in negotiation potentially sell our physical product business.
Dave Scott: which could be kind of interesting and just focus on the technology.
Andrea Perdomo: Cool. I love that. That's awesome. Yeah, I think the more you can kind of highlight that to emphasize that investors should not be scared to talk to you because there are. It's not just a direct to consumer product that's going to be sold on shelf. It's going to be
Andrea Perdomo: big, so don't don't miss that part.
Dave Scott: That's good.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome any other questions, Dave.
Lilliana Robinson: I think you the only feedback I had is like, I understand, in your wrap up. You're like tying it back to how you opened it with stranger things, but I felt that
Lilliana Robinson: the wrap up was not as
Lilliana Robinson: relevant to what you're probably going to be speaking about for the rest of the time. I almost think like, just forget about what you used as your hook. Don't tie it back to stranger things in your closing remark. It should be something more about like the big vision, or like actual evil genius games, because that was just like an example to help people understand? Right? So if you loop it back, then it's going to make people think this is kind of the contained like you were saying to Annie like they're going to think you're only in skincare or something like that. So instead, your closing sentence should be.
Lilliana Robinson: I don't know more of a transition into everything else. You're gonna talk about what is well.
Lilliana Robinson: value prop, like you said, like one step closer to bringing stranger things to life or something like that. Maybe just workshop that a little bit.
Dave Scott: Okay.
Dave Scott: yeah, I want to get in just one more sentence, which is now I'd like you to meet Haley, a real customer that'll thrive into drive into the video. But that means I need to cut 2 sentences in order to fit it in. So I'm working on it right now.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, keep working on it. I think.
Dave Scott: Or I just make it 1 min and 15 seconds, and just suffer the consequences.
Lilliana Robinson: And have like a 15 cut from your Q&A, that's
Lilliana Robinson: that's an option. I I typically don't like people to go over like a minute 10, or else you stand out like a sore thumb of having a much longer pitch than everyone else, and like people, are like kind of rolling their heads like, Oh, you know, I'm done listening.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: And so like, if we're training people to listen for 1 min, it it becomes clear once you get into like the 15 second land. So we'll workshop it. I. When is your meeting with me tomorrow or Friday?
Lilliana Robinson: I think it's tomorrow.
Dave Scott: Yeah, I gotta take a look. I think it's tomorrow.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, so we'll workshop it together. But very good. So far, high praise from Andrea, saying she understands your business now. So that's a win for me.
Lilliana Robinson: Let's go to cogniscope.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Okay. So I'm not looking for funding. But it would be nice to get some introductions as well. Of course.
Çoruh | CogniScope: I'm mostly looking for expanding my network in the gaming industry, and have some customers
Çoruh | CogniScope: and get connected to the big enterprise gaming studios, and most preferably the publishers.
Çoruh | CogniScope: So here we go.
Lilliana Robinson: If that, if that's your goal, are you guys making sure that you really prioritize your invite list to make sure that the people you care about are going to be there.
Lilliana Robinson: The invite list that's.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah, about that, like, are like, most of our
Çoruh | CogniScope: customers are in Europe right now. So.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay. So more about the recording. So it's much more about not who's in the room, but the actual content here.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, whenever you're ready.
Çoruh | CogniScope: So over 1 billion dollars in gaming investment vanished this year just because studios didn't understand their customers.
Çoruh | CogniScope: A minor update sparked over 300,000 negative reviews in just 3 days for Sony's game of the year. Helldivers 2.
Çoruh | CogniScope: And what's the consequences?
Çoruh | CogniScope: 65% of their players churn just in month in one month.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Do you remember when Facebook could predict breakups and also relationships before they even happened
Çoruh | CogniScope: at cogniscope? We do that for gaming companies, our psychology-driven AI detect underlying motives and tendencies uncovering the why behind the what? From gaming communities, helping studios, create games, players truly love and even catch the issues before they emerge.
Çoruh | CogniScope: I'm Churu CEO, of a team of psychology-based psychology, obsessed gamers in today's community driven gaming world
Çoruh | CogniScope: understanding players is essential cogniscope ensures, gamers, feel, heard. Developers trust their decisions and give publishers confidence in their investment.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Let me show you how cogniscope transforms studios to connect with their communities.
Lilliana Robinson: 1. 0, 3.
Lilliana Robinson: And I was saying, you're gonna need to practice your enunciation once you have this memorized
Lilliana Robinson: like Troy said, so that every word is understandable. I showed you snow. Who did run bear. He practiced.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Just.
Lilliana Robinson: Every word very well, because he was really, really not confident in his English, and it came out very clear. So I want you to finalize this earlier than everyone else. So we can start working on your enunciation. But I'll let Tom and Andrea weigh in on the actual content.
Thomas Cirone: Real.
Thomas Cirone: I'll be out on this one. It was a market I don't understand as much, so would you.
Andrea Perdomo: I know it's funny. That's what I was. Gonna say, too.
Andrea Perdomo: my, okay, let me tell you what I think you do. And then.
Andrea Perdomo: That will hopefully clarify if the pitch was clear. So what I think you do is that you're basically working with gaming companies at a very large level, and allowing the community to give direct feedback to how the product is performing, and also being able to detect any underlying issues that might be coming up during a game, so that the company itself can be proactive about solving.
Çoruh | CogniScope: So yeah, we are not providing any community channels. But we analyze their own community channels to see what's actually happening in the inside of their communities, about what?
Andrea Perdomo: That was half price.
Çoruh | CogniScope: He's health. Right? Yeah.
Andrea Perdomo: Okay, that's helpful. I think
Andrea Perdomo: I think I I mean, I don't have anything like
Andrea Perdomo: specific that I would focus on. But maybe just making sure that, like the part about
Andrea Perdomo: community is clear that it's like monitoring community versus
Andrea Perdomo: cause. You talk about community a lot. And I think people might have a different understanding of what that means.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Okay.
Andrea Perdomo: But I mean honestly, if I'm assuming, if it was the, you know, if if that was my my space, I would. I would know a lot more about that.
Thomas Cirone: Hey, Korth, thanks, Andrea. By the way, thanks for saving me a bit there.
Thomas Cirone: and and to look like the guy who hasn't written code in like 50, 40 years. So, as I recall.
Thomas Cirone: you guys are plugging in in game like you're getting those stats in game, or did you kind of move off of that into just just analyzing the the comments in the community.
Çoruh | CogniScope: We are analyzing the comments in the community.
Thomas Cirone: Okay. So so you're not getting real time in game. You're not. They're not. You're not hooked. They're not hooking in.
Çoruh | CogniScope: You guys.
Thomas Cirone: To the game anymore and grabbing stuff while I'm okay with it. I just curious.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah, like, we also analyze engagement chats. But we are only analyzing chats, not the
Thomas Cirone: But in. But in okay, okay,
Çoruh | CogniScope: The logs of everything.
Thomas Cirone: And is that? But if you're analyzing, okay, even if the even chats in game is that that's unique to you. Correct.
Thomas Cirone: like again, not my market. So apologize. Everybody. You guys can mock me later. But
Thomas Cirone: is that unique to you guys.
Lilliana Robinson: Humorous, Tom. I'm very surprised to hear this.
Thomas Cirone: Why?
Lilliana Robinson: I said. I pegged you as a gamer. I'm very surprised to hear this.
Thomas Cirone: Yeah, well, yeah, like Pac-man, and like the original asteroids and stuff straight up.
Lilliana Robinson: The answer is, yes, I think.
Thomas Cirone: All my busboy money quarters went into those things back when you had to go to a place. So
Thomas Cirone: but.
Lilliana Robinson: Sure the the answer is, yes, right, that's your differentiation. Like you're the only one doing that.
Lilliana Robinson: So I think Tom's getting at that. It doesn't come across in the pitch that the differentiation.
Çoruh | CogniScope: We are not the only one who analyzed the community. We are giving it a little bit more perspective of the psychology based approach.
Thomas Cirone: Okay, actually.
Thomas Cirone: Well, if there, okay. But what? What if, whatever your uniqueness might be, I would might be helpful. I don't. I don't know. So I'll.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Okay.
Thomas Cirone: I'll bow, and I'll I'll bow to you and give you the cyber hug. But I was just curious.
Lilliana Robinson: Well, it's a good point, Tom, even if you're you're not quite sure about the specifics. Sure, I think Tom is saying like
Lilliana Robinson: there wasn't as much Uvp in the in the pitch. So maybe just thinking about adding more about like, what makes you different, especially if you're speaking to people who completely understand the space their main question might be, What is the differentiation? Why would I go with you guys so.
Çoruh | CogniScope: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Hint at it in the pitch, and then that should probably be your 1st question in the Q. And a. Just like I told Talitha. It's your number one question like, you sit down with the Eir, they remark on your video. And then they ask
Lilliana Robinson: like, so what? Why? Why, you guys specifically what makes you different?
Çoruh | CogniScope: Yeah, I would like to elaborate on that on the Q&A section to make it much more clear. Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: Do you have any questions about your pitch before we move on?
Çoruh | CogniScope: No, but the like. It should be much more easy to understand for everyone. So I think maybe I can put some terminology out, and try to make it much more simpler.
Lilliana Robinson: Cool
Lilliana Robinson: and honestly, Andrea and Tom, it's helpful to hear people who are not like are outside of the industry, because then we know if it's actually coming across or not. So that's a that's a very helpful litmus.
Lilliana Robinson: Last, but not least. Okay, Tora, are you good to move on? We're gonna go over to health blocks.
Lilliana Robinson: All right, mute.
Lilliana Robinson: Bring us home.
Nirat Attri: Everyone.
Lilliana Robinson: That's your objective, and then go.
Nirat Attri: That's true.
Lilliana Robinson: Ready!
Nirat Attri: I think our objective is to start initial conversations with investors, to figure out whether we are in a good place to raise or not, and also with private equity companies or people that know them, because a good utilization of our platform, as we're finding out is in that industry. So anybody who can hook us up with them.
Nirat Attri: I'll jump into it.
Nirat Attri: Healthcare is inundated in technology yet, ironically, it's making things worse.
Nirat Attri: Across 350,000 Us. Healthcare practices, staff waste countless hours juggling disconnected systems leading to burnout and millions lost in revenue.
Nirat Attri: I'm neerat atri. And after successfully exiting my previous health tech startup. I knew there had to be a better way
Nirat Attri: at Healthlocks. We're building the strike for healthcare.
Nirat Attri: a suite of plug and play Api modules that seemly connect seamlessly connect with existing systems without the need for expensive overhauls.
Nirat Attri: just like stripe revolutionized payments by making integration simple. We're doing the same for healthcare workflows.
Nirat Attri: Our early results speak for themselves.
Nirat Attri: Poor healthcare companies already use our platform reducing manual work by 80% and saving over 200 K annually. On average.
Nirat Attri: we're not just building another healthcare tool.
Nirat Attri: We're creating the infrastructure layer that will finally let healthcare technology work the way that it should.
Lilliana Robinson: All right. That was 57 seconds.
Thomas Cirone: Okay, I'll I'll go, Andrea. So I cause I keep deferring you.
Thomas Cirone: So as as I recall, you're targeting independent physician offices and not hospital providers, big pharma. Right? Okay.
Thomas Cirone: I don't know if that was clear, and I don't know if it should be clear, or maybe that's in the QA. And that's cool. Right? So
Thomas Cirone: so I just wanted to bring that up. And then.
Thomas Cirone: so I think this was okay. Normally, I absolutely can't stand mentioning other companies and say, we're the stripe for healthcare, or we're the we're the Facebook of whatever. But for you, I think it worked here.
Thomas Cirone: So I'll defer to other smart people on that. You know what I mean because it sort of could. It might bring it home for other people who don't know your space. I don't know
Thomas Cirone: right?
Thomas Cirone: But those are. Those are my only 2 thoughts, right? Cause I I know, and I know you do. You have a big grand plan and
Thomas Cirone: I'm sure the video and QA. Will will drill down into some of those things.
Andrea Perdomo: I had a similar sentiment.
Andrea Perdomo: As far as like the well, 2 things. One like this is a huge market.
Andrea Perdomo: and I don't know if it's just me like venting. But I know I get frustrated by this. I'm like, how many times are you gonna ask me the same question?
Andrea Perdomo: So anyways from that standpoint, like love, what you're trying to do. I think that on the stripe side
Andrea Perdomo: is that the right analogy like I'm just trying to figure out if it's more like stripe, or more like zapier, or more like
Andrea Perdomo: Do you know what I mean? Like I like stripe when I hear stripe I hate, I think, payment. And so then my mind went to like, are they trying to solve payment?
Andrea Perdomo: So I don't know if that's the right analogy.
Andrea Perdomo: but I do think it needs to be some sort of comparison to something.
Nirat Attri: Yeah, I think the the place where it sits best is in between, like Zapier and plaid, funnily enough, but not a lot of people know plaid like, how plaid works internally or like. Why was it something that was revolutionary when building connectivity along bank interfaces.
Thomas Cirone: Yeah, excuse me, I put investors no plan.
Thomas Cirone: True, like I might like, I know, a little bit. But like I, you want to hit investors. They they know plaid like. If you think it's more analogous to plaid than stripe, I won't argue that point. But go ahead
Thomas Cirone: because, investors, this is, you know you're you're in the Mecca of of the tech world, and and I think they know plaid.
Thomas Cirone: I'm sorry I didn't mean to jump in, and I just felt.
Andrea Perdomo: No, no, no, I
Andrea Perdomo: no, no, I agree. I mean, I think, like I know what plaid is, because I'm trying to connect all my stuff. So I've had to use it as a user. So investors, I think, will know what that is, and users will as well.
Andrea Perdomo: so yeah, I don't know what the right analogy is. I don't. I don't think it's stripe. I think it's closer to Zapier or plaid and then in that vein. I think I was also left with a question around, like who the paying customer is. Like? Is it the all these different platforms that work with healthcare providers? Or is it the the hospital like when you talked about you had 4? Is it 4
Andrea Perdomo: use cases already?
Nirat Attri: Yep, who are those? For.
Andrea Perdomo: Or like? What are they categorized.
Nirat Attri: To. I mean, they spread across different
Nirat Attri: verticals like one of them is a tell like 2 of them are telehealth clinics. One of them is a medical device fulfillment center. And one of them is a medical service org. So it's on the back of the same technology stack. But I don't want to complicate it too much in.
Andrea Perdomo: Fix it.
Nirat Attri: So.
Andrea Perdomo: Yeah, let's not complicate it too much.
Andrea Perdomo: But I do wonder if it's
Andrea Perdomo: if that is something that you can address in the Q, and A, which is kind of like who your initial like knowing that this is something that could obviously be used. And there's a huge market for it like, who are your initial
Andrea Perdomo: customers? I think that could be helpful.
Nirat Attri: Yep, I think what we're doing in our product video is just like actually showcasing it like how it works. And like, they've rightly said, like, I think it's more to do with like Zapier of operating. But like plaid is very user, credential, based. And but what we are doing is doing it for the doctors.
Nirat Attri: It's just like there's no perfect
Nirat Attri: analogy for it. But the idea is the way the reason why we picked up stripe was because stripe did build all these interfaces eventually. What makes financial transactions easier? We want to
Nirat Attri: like the thought was, we wanted to do it for
Nirat Attri: medical transactions like it's not payments. But medical data could also be
Nirat Attri: something that constitutes a transaction. But again, I I know that's not something that put that gets put across in a 1 min pitch, perhaps, or I could.
Andrea Perdomo: So the user would actually be the healthcare provider.
Nirat Attri: They're the central users and all of this like it's all it's all around their consent and their ability to operate. If they're if they're dealing with other service companies.
Nirat Attri: is the doctors or their staff that does this work?
Nirat Attri: Yeah.
Andrea Perdomo: Got it.
Andrea Perdomo: Yeah, I think I think making that
Andrea Perdomo: is there. I'm sure there's some sort of stat around, like, how many
Andrea Perdomo: of those people you just mentioned exist like as a
Andrea Perdomo: like to kind of go from this like huge 1 billion dollar market to like, who are the users like.
Nirat Attri: Trillion.
Andrea Perdomo: Yeah.
Lilliana Robinson: So
Lilliana Robinson: neera, I'm gonna I'm gonna pause this here because I just noticed Morgan came late and was not in the queue. So, Morgan, why don't you take the last 4 min, Neera? I think that was some good feedback, so I think you're good.
Lilliana Robinson: Very
Lilliana Robinson: quickly, Morgan, and then maybe the mentors can each give like 1 min of feedback to Morgan. Why don't you give them your objective? And then quickly, just go into your pitch because we have 4 min left.
Morgan Stanton: Okay.
Morgan Stanton: so sorry about the background noise. My objective is, it's a very biotech focused company. So really, the the Intro pitch is just to get people kind of hooked in right. I'm not talking about much science. I'm just talking about the scope of the problem and why people should care and why people should remember me. So I'll talk more about the science and the video. And in the QA. But the the pitch is essentially a hook. Right?
Morgan Stanton: Everyone. Look at me. Okay, so I'm gonna go ahead and get going exploring the deep blue sea.
Morgan Stanton: the great unknown words from famed oceanographer, Jacques Cousteau. No, these are phrases used to describe female gynecological help.
Morgan Stanton: I'm Morgan Stanton. I'm the CEO of opal therapeutics. I have a phd in chemistry. I'm a scientist, and I'm passionate about helping people, and I'm here to ask, why are we still so lost when it comes to the uterus?
Morgan Stanton: Even in a Us. Market valued at over 180 billion dollars. We've kept our ambitions so so small. Does that sit right with you? Do you think we should be going small for your health, your daughter's health for your mom's health, because right now, going small means women must settle for a much lower quality of life than men.
Morgan Stanton: The good news, biotech and pharma are waking up to this problem. Losing a few 1 billion dollars in bad experiments will do that to you. So let's forge a new path forward. No more treating women's health as uncharted waters at Opal. Female biology isn't just seen. It's deeply understood. It's prioritized. And it's value.
Morgan Stanton: So let me show you how we got here. And, more importantly, how Opal is going to fix it.
Lilliana Robinson: 1 0, 3.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay, we have 2 min left of the call. Why don't we just ratify.
Andrea Perdomo: Yeah, I just have some quick
Andrea Perdomo: And I think we met when I was in San Francisco. So it's good to see you again. I'm just wondering if the word, like small is the right word
Andrea Perdomo: to really pinpoint the problem.
Lilliana Robinson: That's been my! I.
Morgan Stanton: Gave me the same feedback. Get rid of.
Andrea Perdomo: I'm like it just.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah.
Andrea Perdomo: Like she's gonna know.
Lilliana Robinson: So in the interest of time we can move on from that. I've literally told her multiple times. Just
Lilliana Robinson: yeah, I know I'm getting. I'm getting rid of it.
Andrea Perdomo: Okay, cool. Thank you.
Andrea Perdomo: I'll hand it over to Tom.
Thomas Cirone: Hey, guys, I love the pitch. Love your delivery, your personality comes through.
Thomas Cirone: You had me at the beginning, and you and you rolled. And so that was great.
Thomas Cirone: you might consider, you know, throwing in, you know what specifically
Thomas Cirone: you're going to do to like, what specifically aspect of this space. You're gonna like, you know, almost a how or what I don't know. But I wanted to see the video after that. And I did it. So I actually, I liked it. It was a bit of an education. But then, like, what is Aki? What do you? Okay, so what part of that are you solving like you drew me in. You had me.
Thomas Cirone: and then I wanna make sure I know what you're solving, and then we'll talk about marketing stuff, but I thought that was cool.
Morgan Stanton: Okay.
Lilliana Robinson: Awesome, anything final. Andrea, in the last 30 seconds.
Morgan Stanton: So.
Andrea Perdomo: Words, no, we're small.
Andrea Perdomo: No, I mean, I think I just. I think you have an opportunity to pull heartstrings and like really kind of center this around the fact that everybody in that room knows a woman who has been through some sort of, or or could have used additional medical support. And so I'm just, I'm trying to figure out if there's a way to really
Andrea Perdomo: personalize the problem a little bit so that
Andrea Perdomo: people can wake up to how big this is, and maybe this is something you're going to address. But I just know, like maternal death rates for black moms is like significantly higher, like. There are just thousands of stats out there that show meaningfully how our lack of investment in women's health has actually contributed to further disparities, and not just race, but gender, and like
Andrea Perdomo: I was just like craving some of that.
Lilliana Robinson: Andrea so earlier, Morgan the same feedback. So in her 1st question of the Q. And a, they asked like, basically like, Why is this big deal, and she's going to go into not just the specifics, but also just in general, like female mortality rates from these reproductive diseases that unfortunately are killing a lot of people, and it doesn't need to if we just researched it and found the proper treatments and things like that, and also just quality of life which does matter like people are living with these terrible conditions only because we haven't researched it.
Andrea Perdomo: Yeah. And I think Morgan just
Andrea Perdomo: I know we're on time, but I know there's a lot going on politically. I don't want to get political. But I do think like
Andrea Perdomo: there's there's a lot going on in this space right now. And so this to me, feels like an opportunity to really kind of like.
Morgan Stanton: I agree. I think I, the Q. And a. I'm gonna try to put a question at the end about
Morgan Stanton: how? What the future is looking like for women's health right now.
Andrea Perdomo: And you can get me here. I'm cheering you on, so let me know how I can help.
Morgan Stanton: Thank you.
Lilliana Robinson: Great. Thank you guys for sending it over. That was great. I'm glad we were able to get through everybody. Andrea and Tom, thank you for your time, Andrea. Thanks for having.
Andrea Perdomo: Having us.
Lilliana Robinson: If you had any questions about Demo Day, I'm happy to stay on for a couple of minutes. Chloe mentioned that you might otherwise everybody will see you for the CEO Cxo. Small groups this afternoon. If you didn't see my post, Ceos, it's in person. Slash hybrid. Neil's in the office. If you feel like commuting there. Otherwise, Tom, we'll see you soon.
Lilliana Robinson: probably not in person for Demo Day, but probably virtually in the spring. Oh, okay.
Thomas Cirone: Go, Tom, come to Demo because it's a Friday.
Thomas Cirone: Friday. I got a shot at being there, so.
Lilliana Robinson: Okay.
Thomas Cirone: You for making it Friday, Andrea, because that's when they were open.
Andrea Perdomo: Yeah, okay.
Thomas Cirone: Good Andreas.
Lilliana Robinson: When Google was available. So thank you.